{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2745
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Neutral\
LkBl1XuAsed1LW4xcJiB5g\
The Prime Rib: 2 1/2 stars, rounded up to three for Yelp.\
\
Arrived at 6:30. Walked through the nicely decorated, dark, classy bar area and main room. But then we were seated alone in a weird side room, away from the central room with the ambiance and music. Wobbly table was annoying.\
\
And, there were multiple guys in casual clothes- guys in jeans, untucked shirts, no jackets. Spoiled the classy atmosphere. Also annoying. Hotel-restaurant, all-comers vibe instead of classy steakhouse.\
\
Just as we sat I ordered a drink, a dirty gin martini, and he brought it but then never brought a drink menu or one list for my girlfriend to look at. No olives in a dirty gin martini? It was a good drink but I thought that omission was strange. I had to call him back to ask for a wine list. Wine selection not impressive, and overpriced.\
\
Good food, but just... good. Prime rib was quality cut and cooked nicely but didn't blow me away. Filet mignon was good. Sides were... Just Ok, yet way overpriced. Creamed spinach fresh but not very tasty. Same with the corn and the Brussel sprouts. Very good dessert. Overall value was not there for high prices. \
\
3g069538NFlhtm8k87U2Sg\
We were here recently for a special birthday dinner (we go for special occasions a few times a year).  It's elegant, has live music, and is quiet enough for conversation (a big selling point).  Up until now, I've considered the food and experience worth the out-of-sight prices.\
\
However, this time, the service and quality were lacking:  we waited a very long time for the waiter to come around with the menus, finally had to flag him down to request them; we ordered drinks immediately.  Then they brought rolls, and one basket (we were a group of 8) had the same boring tasteless white-bread rolls, while the other basket had a variety.  As we were passing the baskets of rolls, the busboy came and whisked the charger plates out from in front of us; two people - distracted by having a conversation, had put their rolls on the chargers instead of the bread plates, and the busboy dumped their rolls onto the tablecloth in order to remove the chargers.  The appetizers arrived before the drinks we had ordered, so we had to request specially that the waiter go to the bar and bring the drinks.  One person ordered the salad, but substituting a balsamic dressing (usually comes with blue cheese dressing, and they can't stand blue cheese), and it came with the blue cheese and had to be returned to the kitchen.  \
\
My husband and I always get the prime rib, (the smaller of the two ordered), and indeed it was huge, but surprisingly tasteless and un-seasoned.  The mushrooms were bland.  Everyone else seemed happy with their entrees, except the person who ordered crab imperial; I'm not sure what the issue was with that.\
\
It was a birthday dinner, and at most restaurants, they do something a little special.  Much less expensive and pretentious restaurants will write "happy birthday" in drizzled chocolate on the plate and stick a cookie on the plate.  Normally, at Prime Rib, when dessert comes, the pianist plays "happy birthday", but he was on break (as he seemed to be quite a lot of the time).  We had ordered a couple of desserts to share, and they just stuck a birthday candle into a slice of apple pie (one of our ordered desserts) and plunked it on the table with the others. \
\
The person choosing the venue seemed OK with everything, but she almost never dines out, and probably doesn't have too much to compare it with; since she picked up the check, I didn't feel comfortable complaining about my meal, but if I had been in charge, I would have sought out the manager on the spot.  The best I can do is to report this here, with the idea that, if you decide to go, to be forewarned that you're going to spend a lot without a comparable experience to go with it.\
\
It seems to me that a restaurant that charges these prices, and everything is a la carte, and also crazily expensive (I mean, if you're going to charge $7 for a baked potato, which requires no baking skill -- it was a large baked potato, but really???), and most entrees are $48 and upwards, that you should have a lovely, attentive experience during which you're being pampered.\
\
\
opVh1ffEewVaEgv1vK7Z-Q\
First time I've ever been let down here in 5 or 6 visits. Service was slow but cordial. Waited almost 20 minutes for our bottle of wine. Dinner arrived promptly but the NY strip was undercooked. Sent it back, still not right, sent it back again and then it came back like shoe leather. Scrapped the strip and switched to a filet which was perfect. Au poivre sauce on the side was unheated and almost the consistency of mayo. They credited the strip and comped us dessert. Somewhat redeemed themselves, but much better steaks can be had in Philly for less $$$. If I'm forking out $61 for a 12oz ny strip, it should be amazing. It's a steak house, this should be easy for them. Not a very clean cut of meat this time. I've had better steaks I've cooked myself. Final thoughts...great atmosphere but overpriced for what you get. You can do better elsewhere for the same or less $$$.\
\
\
Positive\
wiKVNX3JK5CQHJLiKCyCwg\
Ben (chef/owner)  from Salume Beddu and Andrey (General Manager)  from 33 Wine Shop have taken an old 1930's gas station and turned it into a trendy little wine bar. The bar area is compact, cozy and all the windows give it a felling  of being larger then it really is. \
\
Great wine by the glass, tasting flights measured to perfection and an impressive selection of liquor as well. I went craving a red wine, but when I saw they offered Tito's Vodka my favorite I was swayed away. \
\
We enjoyed a sampling of artisan cured meats and hard cheese served with fresh bread and oil. \
\
A great place for Happy Hour or after theater drinks.\
\
eLbsuPJUG-UTc5wWPqZR6A\
I've been eager to experience Olio since I discovered how the former garage was transformed into this amazing restaurant.\
\
The decor did not disappoint; it's beautifully put together both inside as well as the outdoor garden area.  \
\
Gretchen was nice; meek but nice.  I mentioned I had an itching for hummus and she recommended I try the Eyal; it was delicious.  The shrimp in the Eyal hummus was sauteed and seasoned to perfection it also came with plenty of dough; pita as well as ciabatta..but I truly felt like I probably could've dressed up a container of Trader Joe's Mediterranean Hummus and not known the difference.  Don't kill the messenger I'm just being honest here.  There was a lot more oil than I prefer and the serving size was quite small for $12 before tip.\
\
Next, I wanted to try the roasted cauliflower but Gretchen advised me they were out.\
\
Then, I wanted to try the Roasted Beets salad but Gretchen advised me they were out.\
\
Finally, I gave up ordering anything else however, Gretchen did advise me they were out of Romaine Hearts.  I thought to myself, "Why are you guys open?"\
\
Maybe I picked a bad day; but in the restaurant business a bad day can cost you 2 stars on the Christy Scale.\
\
wXGIUYNocO6xRFMTkBIeQg\
3.5 stars because they were out of both of our first food choices (Zucchini Carpaccio & Coca Cola Beef Brisket) and a couple of others on a Tuesday night. Really nice atmosphere, service and food was good. \
Hummus "King of Kings" was good.\
Meet and Cheese Plate you can't go wrong\
Pizza with meat on top (name?), not good, even with hummus on top\
Would go back...:) Recommend for something a little different, this is a couples restaurant per my single friend. ;)\
\
Negative\
 ypA4wYdm2jxmi03wiIlgqQ\
Dining at the Prime Rib restaurant, which is located inside the Warwick Hotel in the affluent Rittenhouse Square area is not as wonderful as it used to be.  It was once a place where you would feel like you were walking into the middle of the past century and beyond to find Don Draper and his mad men croonies, ah times change and everything else along with it, but this time it was a sin.\
 \
We were early for our reservations and were going to have a seat at the bar, but decided to check in with the host and he offered to seat us right away, seeing we were famished, we took him up on his generous offer, Food! Our server immediately greeted us and offered us drinks, hubby had a coke and I had an excellent dry martini, served in a rather large cocktail glass, well chilled and made to perfection.\
 \
On the Prime Rib page of reviews on Yelp, it says to mention Yelp and you and anyone else at your table will receive a complimentary appetizer and so I did, which he was not at all enthusiastic about and it clearly showed. Then I pulled a rabbit out of my hat or rather a printed certificate from an Open Table offer that they and the Prime Rib had made publicly, to pay $25.00 up front to receive $50.00 off your bill when all was said and done. \
 \
This really did not thrill him and he was very obvious about his distaste in our lack of class ( in his mind ) to take the Prime Rib up on their own offers. Not only this but several times our server and a group of other staff members were nearby our table, talking about us and looking right at us, like how could we?! Even over at the service area for the bar, they turned and stared at us, laughing and talking. I'm serious folks, it was down right rude, made me feel like a clown and was the beginning of the most absurd service I have ever experienced.\
 \
We sat at least 20-30 minutes waiting for menus, while hubby stewed watching others being serviced and finally received our Yelp appetizer which was one large ( Diver, I'm assuming ) scallop each, wrapped in practically raw bacon on a small bed of baby spinach leaves. The scallop was cooked perfectly, I gave hubby my bacon, but he and I both agreed it was too raw to eat and then we were handed menus, which was a good forty minutes after we had been seated.\
 \
We shared the most bland bowl of lobster bisque that was served in a cool tureen style crock, absolutely no hint of sherry and I used to love their bisque, our waiter brought us a hot pepper sherry sauce in a bottle, but we passed, as it was very hot and the sherry did not even attempt to shine through.\
 \
The large oyster Rockefeller were outstanding, the escargot were tender and swimming in a garlic sauce with baby mushroom caps and a thick slice of grilled bread to dip into the sauce. The jumbo lump crab cake was large and pure but very un-adventurous other than that and was served with a lousy cocktail sauce. I had to giggle silently as the table next to us commented on their choice of sauce to serve with a lump crab cake. I myself had asked for the mustard sauce that was previously mentioned in their crab claw appetizer and it worked to help.\
 \
When our meals came our server finally grabbed my hubby's longtime empty coke glass and refilled it and asked if I would like anything else. I asked what chardonnay they had by the glass, he offered several, not mentioning the names but the regions and I chose a Sonoma, when he brought it he had the label totally covered and poured me a sip, I asked to see the label and I was thrilled to see that it was Sonoma Cutre, one of my favorites and then he was about to walk away when I said excuse me, can you please pour my glass of wine? Oops.\
 \
Hubby was served a huge roast of Prime rib and he was kind enough to cut the bones off first to save for my onion soup for Christmas, his meat was cooked to perfection, tender, flavorful and juicy, however my filet was a big let down and we had already spent so much time there and just wanted to leave. I had ordered it medium rare and when I cut into the first third of it, the first cut was medium well, no pink or red whatsoever, but the center of the steak was barely pink.\
 \
I was not going to say anything, but for a dry, flavorless piece of meat at $38.00 and the thinnest, un-flavorful bearnaise sauce I have ever been served, I thought this is so wrong, class or not speak up. I did and he argued with me! He said well the outer edges will be well done, I had cut one third into my steak, come on buddy this is not the first place I have had a steak is what I wanted to say, but instead I showed him the center and said it is barely a hint of pink and even the top and bottom of that was well done!\
 \
To be continued in another update, this is how upsetting this dining experience was.\
\
DYgJ1JBa8UgdmZLzE2ME4g\
So. I'm going to say it. The Emperor Has No Clothes. I took an old friend who has relocated to Orange County, thinking I'd show off some hip-ness since her departure. We arrived around 8:30 on a lovely Monday morning. I should have known something was up when the parking was easy. My mistake for forgetting anything with protein is not served until 9:00 AM. (Who does this?) Thankfully we could sit outside and enjoy some coffee as the AC/DC was at a deafening level in the interior. Although extraordinarily annoying and somewhat obnoxious, I get it;  this is a hip and trendy joint, we play by your rules if we want to play. Perhaps the decibel level is meant to distract diners from from their plummeting glucose levels. I was excited to try the hip version of lox and bagels, a relatively safe bet, and my friend, a fitness trainer had made her decision on a dish topped with a sunny side up duck egg. Our server was already put out that we/I got the no protein until 9:00 rule wrong, but went in to full RBF mode when asked if the duck egg could perhaps be done over easy. NO  SUBSTITUTIONS. She went on to explain, as if this is the first time we'd ever experienced fine dining, and that a half cooked egg was meant as a sauce. I get undercooked eggs as sauce, it's called "Hollandaise". Speaking of which, DO NOT request it on the side. Just don't. By now we are over caffeinated and in need of actual food.  When my friend asked for decaf after RBF finally made it around to ask if we'd like more coffee, we were curtly advised that they don't serve decaf. Of course they don't. By now we were in hysterics at the absurdity of the entire situation. I was embarrassed that I'd taken an out of town guest here. She was of course gracious, but commented that she's not treated this badly in the OC. In summary, 1) an unintentional hilarious experience, 2) don't even think about ordering from the actual menu until 9:01, and 3) bring your own cream cheese for your lox schmear. Trust me. :-)\
\
amQ0n8ugIjV-dwfYpILAvQ\
We had a 5:00 reservation.  6 parties were seated before us that had arrived after us.  At 5:20 after asking multiple times, we were finally seated at a 4 top when we had 5 people.  We had requested an empty 6 top and they said no that's for 8 people.  So, we sat down. At 5:30, we were finally addressed by our server.  We did not receive our drinks until 5:45.  2 of the members of our party ordered salads.  They arrived after the meals arrived.  I ordered pesto pasta.  There was not one ounce of pesto on my dish.  I did not mention it because it was tasty and the spinach was amazing.  One member of our party ordered a shrimp dish.  It was cold.  We sent it back.  They said they would cook a new one.  Awhile later, his shrimp arrived and it was the same one just reheated.  The server assured him it was new and he pointed out the bite out of one of the shrimps.  They brought him a 3rd plate and it was also cold.  The server finally sent the manager over.  We were running late to head to the Fox.  He offered free dessert.  This was an absolutely absurd offer since one of our party had not even had dinner.  It should be noted that the 6 top that we requested wasn't seated until 6:17.  We could have been in and out by that time.   This experience reminded me why I NEVER go to chain restaurants.  I can assure you I will never return.}